Complex numbers live on a plane; multiplication rotates and scales.
Plot a point z = a + bi and draw its vector from the origin.
The angle from the x-axis is the argument of z.
Multiplying by i is a 90° counterclockwise rotation.
Rotate back to the original z; remember that angle.
Now compare z to its square z^2, shown in orange.
As z makes one full turn, z^2 spins twice and changes length.
Multiplying by a + bi is a linear map of the entire plane.
The grid rotates and scales together with z.
Undo the map: multiplication is rotate + scale.
Lift to 3D: make height equal to |z^2 + 1|.
This surface turns modulus into altitude.
Mark the roots: z = i and z = -i give height zero.
Orbit the camera to feel the shape of the landscape.
Two symmetric pits show where z^2 + 1 vanishes.
Everywhere else the surface stays above zero: a modulus can't be negative.
Wrap up: multiplication rotates and scales; roots sit at height 0.
Keep this geometric picture in mind when you compute with complex numbers.